[DOC]: params & units guidelines in contributing page (#2248)
pvlib/pvlib-python: docs/sphinx/source/contributing/style_guide.rst

status box at the bottom of the pull request.

.. _documentation-units:

Parameter names and units
-------------------------

When specifying parameters and their units, please follow these guidelines:

> - Use the recommended parameter name and units by :ref:`variables_style_rules` where possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the recommended parameter name and units by :ref:`nomenclature` where possible.
```

- Enclose units in square brackets, e.g. ``[W]``.
- Use unicode superscripts symbols for exponents, e.g. ``m²``.

>   These superscripts characters are ``⁰``, ``¹``, ``²``, ``³``, ``⁴``, ``⁵``, ``⁶``, ``⁷``, ``⁸``, ``⁹``, ``⁺``, ``⁻``. Degree symbol is ``°``.

Reviewer: Maybe no need for the superscript + ? I can't think of an application.
```suggestion
  These superscripts characters are ``⁰``, ``¹``, ``²``, ``³``, ``⁴``, ``⁵``, ``⁶``, ``⁷``, ``⁸``, ``⁹``, ``⁻``. Degree symbol is ``°``.
```

> - Link to a brief description of the magnitude in the :ref:`variables_style_rules` section if it exists, via the sphinx role ``:term:`glossary_term```. For example, to document ``dni`` use:

Reviewer: "of the magnitude" --- doesn't make sense to me, what do you mean?
```suggestion
- Link to a brief description in the :ref:`variables_style_rules` section if it exists, via the sphinx role ``:term:`glossary_term```. For example, to document ``dni`` use:
```

Author: You are right, better to nix that.

> - Link to a brief description of the magnitude in the :ref:`variables_style_rules` section if it exists, via the sphinx role ``:term:`glossary_term```. For example, to document ``dni`` use:

Reviewer: It seems that this PR is dependent on #2234 being merged first.
Currently, the `:term:` example would not work with the linked variables and style rules page. I guess you know this(?) but I thought I'd highlight this just in case. The link would need to be updated to link to the glossary (or whatever we end up calling it).
I guess the alternative would be to omit this point for now, then add it in later as a follow up

Author: It is dependant, that's true. I'll change to draft until it gets into main to avoid making too many changes that belong to the same thing. Thanks in fact for highlighting it, when I wrote it I didn't distinguish between the two pages.

status box at the bottom of the pull request.

.. _documentation-units:

Parameter names and units
-------------------------

When specifying parameters and their units, please follow these guidelines:

> - Use the recommended parameter name and units by :ref:`nomenclature` where possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use the recommended parameter name and units listed in the :ref:`nomenclature` where applicable.
```

> - Enclose units in square brackets, e.g. ``[W]``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Enclose units in square brackets after the parameter description, e.g., ``Air temperature. [°C]``.
```

Author: `Air temperature. [°C]`
`Air temperature. [°C].`
`Air temperature, [°C].`

Got any preference? I'm good with that one. Just asking cause I've seen docstring reformatting using the latest one by @RDaxini . Not a big deal, I'm trying to be consistent.

Reviewer 2: I prefer the first one and seem to recall that we more or less agreed on that somewhere..

I think we should also discuss how we represent the units for angles, e.g., [degrees] or [°]

Author: Perfect. I think the previous discussion was probably on #1421 .

> - Use unicode superscripts symbols for exponents, e.g. ``m²``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use unicode superscripts symbols for exponents, e.g. ``m⁻²``.
```
I think this example would benefit from having a negative exponent to demonstrate that we don't use slashes for units in the denominator.

> 
>   These superscripts characters are ``⁰``, ``¹``, ``²``, ``³``, ``⁴``, ``⁵``, ``⁶``, ``⁷``, ``⁸``, ``⁹``, ``⁻``. Degree symbol is ``°``.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Numbers: ``⁰``, ``¹``, ``²``, ``³``, ``⁴``, ``⁵``, ``⁶``, ``⁷``, ``⁸``, ``⁹``
  - Negative exponent: ``⁻``
  - Degree symbol: ``°``
```

> - Link to a brief description in the :ref:`variables_style_rules` section if it exists, via the sphinx role ``:term:`glossary_term```. For example, to document ``dni`` use:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Link to a brief description in the :ref:`variables_style_rules` section if it exists, via the sphinx role ``:term:`glossary_term```. For example, to document ``dni`` use:
```
The reference to the "variables_style_rules" section does not render as a hyperlink in the documentation.
